you're what is going on this is jigs and
today and bring into a pretty much
awesome video well I was in a lobby I
was playing this combat training game
mode just cuz I wanted the trophy and I
came across this guy he had a pretty
good emblem you know he's like how would
you guys think of my emblem so you know
I just said yeah it's pretty you know
good so he's like joining oh how it was
done so you know just out of curiousity
all right go on then
so he's like alright during my party and
I'll show you how I was done so here's
me just thinking this guy's just crazy
and he's just talking rubbish but he's
like to me put an emblem up so I said
all right I already had one he's like do
you believe that I can copy your emblem
in under ten seconds I was like okay no
you can't so I was about to leave and
next thing you know he has my emblem
like the exact same copy of my emblem so
when I was you know kind of intrigued
and he said check out this video on
YouTube
so the tutorial how to do it and it's
pretty straightforward so you can
basically go into any lobby and copy any
person's emblem you know your friends
whoever you want and this is how you do
it so what you have to do is first you
hover over barracks as you cos here you
just hover over it don't press anything
else and now you press triangle so gone
friends while still hovering on barracks
then you know you go on someone's emblem
that you like you know you can do it on
friends or you can do in recent plays
you know but it's easier to do it on
friends so I'm just going to go to Ashe
Nick over here and what you do just
click on his name go and play a channel
and this is the bit way it's kind of
tricky and it took me about 10 or 12
tries just to get the emblem so what you
have to do is hover over emblems here
and as you can see these emblems aren't
great I mean other than all of the hell
that is but it's but what you have to do
is when you want your own emblems and
you have to do it whilst it's loading so
like the track logo right here like can
you can see the track thing you have to
do it as soon as it's Logan loading you
can't wait for you know all them to be
loaded for you so you have to wait for
it to the trail Chloe to come up blah
blah blah so let me quickly go back and
come back
and we're I'm just going to do in a
second book what you have to do when
you're hovering over emblems you have to
press circle circle circle X X circle X
so a cell called 3 times X 2 times and
the circle X so I suggest you guys write
this down because you're gonna have to
do really really quick so I'm just going
to do a quick speed run and try to do it
myself
I mean I'm not expire when you copied
about 2 or 3 emblems and it takes a lot
of tries so just bear with me and you
know if I feel more than 5 you know 3 or
4 times and I was going to end up
putting in a video after you know after
I've done it so here's my first prior on
a Schneck so play channel hovering over
emblem Saku Saku Saku xx circle X I
invite hit them like an idiot
and click close the point for jeans
little go I so there we go get em try
again
ash Nick Circle Circle Circle Excel
works oh my god I press the wrong thing
again try one more time
oh my god a nudge back the other thing
where one will try sir about this
and there we have it as you can see here
I've done it so I'm on his no I'm on his
things so let me just take this way let
me just take this emblem now as you can
see I can do what I want to it now
normally you just view it and you know
review it but as you can see I can do
whatever I want to it so let me change
this item black for fun then I'm just
gonna save it I'm not gonna apply to my
player card otherwise he's going to see
and go oh what the hell did you just do
that so I'm going to save it so then I'm
gonna go to my emblems now as you can
see his emblems here and this is all 4-h
jigs and this is some of the other
emblems I stole so this thing which is
pretty cool is from Dragon Ball Z it's
pretty nice this pink thing I don't know
what the hell it is by Luke - pretty
cool as well
this ghost kind of thing soldier he
looked good as well and this zombie kind
of thing which is the cat which is the
one that I took off the guy who taught
me how to do it and these are just
retarded emblems that I made up first 46
views on it well pretty good but as you
can see you can see the difference
between these emblems and the ones I
take so that's how you how you do it
guys I hope you enjoy you know share
like comment wherever just and thank you